#!/bin/bash 
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Images/ png
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Images/ jpeg
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Images/ jpg
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Images/ gif
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Images/ webm

folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Psd/ psd

folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Music/ mp3
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Music/ wav

folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Videos/ avi
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Videos/ rmvb
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Videos/ mp4
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Videos/ mkv

folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Archives/ zip
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Archives/ bz
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Archives/ tar
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Archives/ gz
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Archives/ 7z

folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Databases/ db
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Databases/ sql
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Databases/ csv

folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Programs/ deb
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Programs/ exe
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Programs/ jar
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Programs/ war
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Programs/ sh
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Programs/ bin 


folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Documents/ pdf
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Documents/ doc
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Documents/ docx
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Documents/ odt
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Documents/ ods
folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Documents/ xlsx

#folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Files/Pdf pdf 
#folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Images/ png
#folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Images/ png
#folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Images/ png
#folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Images/ png
#folder_sorter $1 /home/red/backup/Images/ png
